fix: typos in documentation files (#6002)
NomicFoundation/hardhat: docs/temp/info.md

> This folder will contain autogenerated files. Don't edit them manually. They will be created in the build step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder will contain auto-generated files. Don't edit them manually. They will be created in the build step.
```
